[Music]
hello it's Ruby and good morning so
today it is the 20th of August and I'm
going up to London today to learn the
violin with the London Symphony
Orchestra so this video is very
excitingly sponsored by the LSO and I
cannot tell you how excited and honored
I am to be working with them if you
watch my videos before you'll know that
I'm a huge fan of classical music I it's
pretty much more I listen to you and I
think it's such a shame that we almost
discount classical music and that it's
not hugely popular because it's
beautiful beautiful music and basically
today I just want to emphasize to you
how valuable classical music is and the
London Symphony Orchestra it's gonna
help me to do that so I'm going up there
this afternoon but for now I'm going to
you get on with some work and be
productive and of course I'm gonna
listen to classical music as I'm doing
so in the morning one thing that I did
was go through and work on the structure
of one of the books I was writing this
is one that I just finished and
basically I was just going through and
reorganizing the chapters because I
hadn't really paid too much attention to
chapters when I first wrote it and I
just kind of added them when it seemed
right but I actually properly went
through this morning and thought about
where chapters would actually be most
fitting
[Music]
so the next thing I'm going to be doing
is filming a video quickly and then I'm
going to get on to doing some writing so
as I said I filmed a video and also I
did write some of my book I wrote about
not too much probably around 700 words
and after that I decided to do some
journaling so I was just using my
kindness journal
[Music]
and yes then I did travel up to London
and I didn't film any clips because I
bumped into an old school friend on the
platform and we basically chatted for
the hog train journey so we have now
arrived and we are currently in the
library at the gore hotel this room is
absolutely beautiful I don't honestly
think I could think of a more beautiful
place to learn to play the violin so
when I was left alone in the room I
spotted the violin and was very
intrigued I was basically just looking
so intensely around the whole of this
room it was so beautiful it felt like I
had step back into the Victorian or
Edwardian period and the bookcase
especially some of these titles were
just wow it was all of the classics just
the antiquity of everything it's the
kind of style I just loved most
[Music]
and then Alex arrived so alex is from
the London Symphony Orchestra and she
got her violins herself and it's a very
nice violin I really do think that
violins are possibly the most beautiful
instruments there's something
beautifully delicate about a violin
which you just don't find in every
single instrument so Alex how long have
chained the violin a long time I started
when I was three
actually picking my sister his bit older
she was playing already in I wanted to
copy everything she did including
playing the violin so you so how about
anything exactly well and actually start
playing on a biscuit box so instead of a
violin just because it was so small and
they were worried I was neutral about
him so we made this kind of model the
president bought this you're the biscuit
biscuit books and then it got a long
ruler to imitate the fingerboard yes and
then I had a wooden I think it's a
spatula or wooden spoons in the kitchen
what a couple of stickers on there that
was my barrel II haven't played the
violin since I married and even though I
was really bad
so finally on your leftover clothes
yeah that's it maybe just a little bit
more this way okay is it your chin chin
rest meow that's it very good and then
your right hand give them in the cone
under a okay but first see if you can
spread your fingers just a little bit
more to have more control over the
prayer and sound loud
[Music]
and let's see the g3 to the bottom
string of the landing
next up having fingers onto the board so
we can create different notes different
sounds okay cool yeah so you're not
gonna drop it I promise okay
it makes it let's just try if we can on
the AIDS dream yeah generally tips on
angled up ah well the violins all
millimeter work in terms of trying to
play the right string it's all about arm
and our elbow here
so you try and learn and this'll - you
know something let's try it okay hey so
you mentioned to me that one of your
favorite compares is this horse is that
right is I love hope yeah how come um so
I actually it was a science museum it
was a space exhibition well that they
had it playing in the background me -
yeah exhibition which is really fitting
really great idea and I heard and you
know when you anything like that it's
Borges where's that coming from what is
it and I asked one of the people who was
working at the exhibition and he told me
that it was a planet something like one
of good stuff holds most famous you know
pieces is the planets for yes and I've
just got you a tiny bit out of the
Jupiter goes like this
[Applause]
[Music]
that is absolutely beat on my favorites
- I'm gonna sing along exactly
[Music]
time for a little bit medicine
and then it already get fun baby
so all is the same only the first notes
the D string okay in the g string so and
then you would like to g-string
[Music]
that's so how do I just ate a bit from
the tea and then it goes say a mr.
Lundy's on the e-string
[Music]
so this is me struggling to learn
Jupiter by Gustav Holtz on the violin it
was so lovely of Alex because actually
she knew that Holtz was one of my
favorite composers and so she chose a
piece that I really loved
so I did actually play violin when I was
very little but I hadn't paid at the
ages and I was really bad when I did
play it I was not very precise at all in
the bow movement and actually one
question that I did ask I looked down at
the violin I played Nate and I said Alex
why does it sound nothing like yours and
wreck passion you ask so on this so on
gee that name doesn't sound like yours
it's just amazed how can I prove that
Nate that one day it's a lot to do with
the pressure that we put from your
finger onto the string if we're not
pressing the string down enough there's
air and the air creates that
[Music]
- ready say yes yeah
it's very difficult it's really cool fun
can we try it again he's like okay so
what do you want to put on there in that
rather than me holding a bear yeah yeah
okay so in a second you will see the
final product after order the squeaking
and it's not fantastic but I'm actually
very proud of myself because it's one of
my favorite pieces and I'm so excited to
say that I actually did learn it
[Music]
I'm sorry
like I cannot reduce it this was like
the what I could do you play any other
this room they buy yeasty
oh sweet Kelly yeah again a very long
time ago I do nothing now I really want
to take Carrie back up
there there is but probably not because
I'm so bad no you're like anyway Jonah
Gates concerts yes yeah do not not too
not too often it can be expensive if I
date and I'll like I'll watch them
online obviously and Mirsky know about
the Ella's oh but tickets are very
accessible for young people and that I
found obviously I was studying music so
yeah it's my field so I will go to
concerts quite often or I would want to
go to concerts quite often I wouldn't
get you know any discounts or anything
you know I would still have to just pay
my tickets but in London really they you
know as little as four pounds you can go
through it and you've got a great seats
in here one of the great halls obviously
we are doing live streams all the time
when you have a room of course
from wherever you are listening
[Music]
[Applause]
so once again Alex knew that Bach was
one of my favorite composers and so she
intentionally chose a piece by him to
play which was so lovely
[Music]
we finished
alex is just so
I'm really good
again again seed Alastair
now I'm on the train heading back up
just waiting way down he is gonna get on
this train and then we can catch it from
the train right
just gonna read something
by Joey
[Music]
I'm back home now
and I am going to start a new master
class so I've actually seen this
appetize everywhere recently the main ad
that I can't and I I've really been
wanting to actually buy the subscription
for such a long time last month
I bought it there were a good seven
courses I wanted to do and it works out
cheaper to buy the subscription for a
year if you want to do more than one
course so that's what I decided to do I
thought it was more cost effective and
today I'm going to be starting the jane
goodall conservation one which looks
really interesting I love Jane Goodall
I'm such a fan of her work and obviously
at the same time is working because it's
me I'm going to be listening to
classical music
[Music]
so as I said I was just going to do a
masterclass but first of all I just had
a tiny bit of a burn to do so I just did
that for around 15 minutes before moving
on to the master class which I worked on
for about two hours I really tried to
reflect and make the most of the
material that I was being given so
thinking about cools to action and ways
that I could use this knowledge for good
basically my my general thoughts and
what she was saying and her influences
and why she was pop why she possibly had
the beliefs that she did have so I was
jotting this all down into this Raven
corn notebook here I basically use this
as my extension work notebook it's
basically full of things that I learned
for fun there's also this really cool
feature where Jane will answer questions
that you put in so I spent a lot of time
thinking about how to mitigate this bad
effect I'm having on the environment and
there's--in so a forum where you can ask
questions to other people doing the
course so I basically asked them for
ideas on how social media could be used
to promote this message given the
current social climate in terms of how
engaged young people are on social media
when it comes to climate change after
that I was cooled down for dinner and
these are my grandparents here and also
my sister
[Music]
you
so every single Tuesday my grandma comes
around for the whole day to do gardening
with my mum and in the evening my
granddad comes on to and we have dinner
together all six of us at my family of
my grandparents we've really really
loved it I love I love that we do this
every single Tuesday my mom's now making
a crumble which we can have dessert and
she's making it vegan because my mom is
amazing and in the meantime I'm going to
edit a video which I don't yet done I
filmed a night routine yesterday and I
am going to you get additives so as I
said after that I had some editing to do
so I just worked on editing my night
routine and then I had to go into chrome
and I had to go on eBay to search for
violins I was actually looking for a
good half an hour see if I could find a
violin which I could buy and I did
actually eventually find a place where I
can rent one so I'm really considering
renting a violin and then I can actually
see if I want to continue with it so I'm
really thinking about doing that and I
also looked up some county tutorials and
practiced a few of these on my piano I
really wasn't very good but it was
really cool to try it out okay so two
weeks later the London Symphony
Orchestra actually gave my mom and I
tickets to go to see that opening night
performance mom and I are here the
you excited I'm very kind - this was on
the 14th of September and and they're
actually going to be premiering this
performance tomorrow as in the 21st of
September the performance was just
incredible
it was amazing to actually listen to the
orchestra in person the second piece by
Colin Matthews is my favorite and when
my friend Paula asked me about it I said
it was like a spark of spontaneous
energy in a sea of m'naghten Eli was
this incredible violinist
she was called Lela Josefa watts she
played the solo violin piece and it was
literally unlike anything I have ever
seen or heard before
it was the passion and emotion it was
just incredible and you can as I said
actually listen to this piece and you
can watch this piece if you go to the
London Symphony Orchestra's YouTube
channel because they are premiering the
performance and the second piece
especially I really encourage you to
watch it so I will leave the link to
that down below so that you can hover
and tune in to the premiere I think it's
the second best thing to actually going
to see it live because you're still kind
of watching it live with other people
who are watching it for the first time -
thank you so much - the London Symphony
Orchestra for sponsoring today's video I
still can't believe that I worked with
them on this video because I am such a
massive fan of their work and it was
such a beautiful and amazing experience
to see them perform in person thank you
again for watching and I hope that you
have a productive week
you